These photos are from when my coworkers
and I went to the beach.
Hey, this swimsuit looks really good on you!
I went shopping with my manager,
and he helped me pick it out.
So you're going out
with your manager, huh, Maika?
No.
He's not your boyfriend
but went with you to buy a swimsuit?
Is that strange?
Strange?
Shopping together for clothes
is different than buying other stuff.
A guy wouldn't do that unless he likes you
or is already your boyfriend.
R-Really?
OWNER INAUGURATION,
SISTER ATTACK
I see.
If he likes you or is your boyfriend...
If he likes you...
A cute doggie!
What are you doing here?
PLEASE TAKE
ME HOME
Good morning!
Morni—
What'd you bring in here?
Um, I think it's a husky.
It's pretty fluffy for a husky.
There are probably other breeds
mixed in, too.
Like a collie?
I'm not asking about its pedigree!
It was abandoned.
I found it on the way here.
Somebody abandoned a dog this big, huh?
It's got long eyelashes!
Don't its eyes look like Maika-chan's?
They do!
R-Really?
Yeah!
That makes sense.
That's why...
it was abandoned, isn't it?
I didn't mean it like that!
PLEASE TAKE
ME HOME
So, are you gonna take it home,
Sakuranomiya?
You do have a big house
and a spacious yard, right?
I wish I could,
but my older brother and sister hate dogs.
What? Both of them?
Yes.
I wanted to at least find a foster parent.
Could one of you take care of it?
I live in an apartment by myself,
so I can't.
We don't have any space
at my house either.
Pets aren't allowed in my building. Sorry.
I've got it!
We should foist it off
on one of our moe pig customers!
I don't know about that.
What's this dog?
How about the manager?
Why are you deciding without me?
There's Miu-san, too, right?
IT'S MY DAY OFF.
Oh, come on!
Don't its eyes look like Sakuranomiya's?
No, no, no!
First, we have to put up a flyer in the café,
looking for a foster home!
Manager, if you take it home,
Sakuranomiya can visit to check up on it.
Is it close?
Just over the café.
An attic...
A hammock...
A foreign country-like second floor...
Maika-san, it's a normal
one-bedroom apartment.
What's the harm, Manager?
Let's take care of it!
An idol and animal pairing is a good look!
Step up once in a while.
Manager...
I would help out as much as possible.
So can I count on you?
Maika-san...
Besides, having a big dog would make
your foreign country aura stand out!
What aura is that?
Well, should we check out
the manager's room?
W-Wait a second!
Okay!
He hid his otaku stuff, huh?
Come in.
Sorry for the intrusion.
Huh?
Aren't you coming in?
So you take your shoes off?
Maika-san, remember, this is Japan!
It's lovely! The houseplants
and blinds have a mature vibe!
I like how neat and simple the room is.
I'm not the type
who leaves stuff lying all over.
It seems the doggie likes it, too!
So that's where you hid everything?
Well, after work, I'll buy,
then bring over everything you'll need.
Wait a minute!
I haven't agreed to take care of the dog yet!
He got our hopes up
and then lowered the boom?
Let's ask Miu-san first!
Yeah. I wasn't thinking
about your circumstances, Manager.
I'm sorry.
M-Maika-san...
All right!
For the time being, I'll take in the dog!
Thank you!
Good for you!
Oh, that's right. Let's give it a name for now.
It'll be staying with you, Manager...
How about "Owner"?
That's great!
MANAGER
OWNER
EVERYONE
STILE
OWNER
MANAGER
EVERYONE
Hold on there! It's higher than me?
Well, we're going back.
I'm happy we get to leave it
with the manager.
Me, too!
From now on, it gets to be
with the manager all the time.
I'm a little envious!
Oh, is something wrong?
No.
Come on! It's almost time to open!
Work, work!
How'd it go?
He's going to take care of the dog!
Its name is Owner!
Characteristics: Nasty Glare. Friendly.
Pedigree: Husky. (We think.)
LOOKING FOR A FOSTER HOME!!
Good work!
OWNER
You sure eat a lot, huh?
Even if it's temporary,
I didn't see myself having a dog.
But...
it resembles Maika-san!
Jeez. Please don't jump on me.
Huh?
OWNER
Are you a male?
Please give me a break.
Do you know what time it is?
I'll take you for a walk later.
All right! I'll go! I'll go!
I'm sleepy...
Okay, okay.
You have to poop, right?
What are you doing?
And you kicked sand in a different direction
from where you pooped!
What's that? An apology?
No, you did it!
Don't act all innocent!
Hey, Manager...
About last night's
final episode of "Hana Yuri"—
I haven't seen it yet! I'm recording
all my anime shows! No spoilers!
Huh? I thought
you always watched in real-time.
I have to walk Owner every morning,
so I can't afford to stay up late!
Is that why you've been
blowing off work less lately?
That's a good thing!
Oh, now you're leading
a normal life.
Mafuyu-san...
I think it's good. Especially for us.
Yep, yep.
I get nothing out of it!
That's not true.
Like they say,
"The early bird gets the worm."
TLNote: Haya oki wa san mon no toku literally means Early rising benefits you three mon (old Japanese currency)
Benefits...
What are you talking about?
Not being able to watch in real time
is making me lose my otaku cred!
So it would be better
to lose your work cred?
There's no benefit for me.
The manager seems down.
Did something happen?
Actually...
Oh, really?
Taking care of Owner is a burden
on the manager, huh?
Oh, that's right!
Manager!
I made cookies. Would you like them?
I'm still new at baking,
but if you don't mind, please take them.
But knowing Maika-san's homemade concoctions...
Of course, I'll take them!
Delicious!
You and I made dessert
before once, right, Mafuyu-san?
Ever since then,
I've been practicing baking at home.
Um, as thanks for taking care of Owner,
can I continue making sweets for you?
This is amazing, Mafuyu-san!
Never mind benefits and the three mon!
I've got something much better!
Benefits?
If the manager is going to eat
what I make,
I should use a variety of flavors.
Like raspberries, nuts
and raisins, too!
All right! I'll do my best!
Onee-san...
What are you doing?
Oof!
I bought a little too much.
Well, sure.
Bottles and cans can get heavy.
Dried fruits, huh?
What are you going to do with all of this?
Actually, I'm going to bake sweets
for my manager.
I was so excited that I bought too much.
INNOCENT
Innocent!
Onee-san!
CAULIFLOWER FLOUR
All right!
Maika, can I ask you something?
Sure!
I'd like to go to your workplace tomorrow.
U-Unless you don't want me to go?
You do know what kind of place
I work at, don't you?
You play a sadistic character there, right?
I don't really get to be friendly
with the customers.
I'm used to your sadism.
U-Used to it?
If you don't mind that, Onee-san.
I can go?
Thank you, Maika!
Onee-san is coming to visit tomorrow.
So I'd like her to see me working hard!
I have to see where Maika's love is going
with my own eyes.
Is there a dress code?
You'll be fine
wearing your everyday clothes!
Here I come!
So my older sister's coming here today.
I haven't seen her for a long time!
I have to impress her!
Akizuki-san!
I need you to take care of the kitchen
by yourself today!
Let's get to work.
Maika!
Please come in like a normal customer!
Please take a seat
at this table by the window.
This is our menu.
Thank you.
What shall I order?
Do you have a recommendation?
Yes, in that case,
THIS MONTH'S
SPECIAL CAKE
I'd go with this month's special cake.
Oh, that does sound tempting!
It's a delicious cake I came up with,
and the manager made it!
Together?
Their first collaboration together!
All right, I'll have
that collaboration of love.
Certainly!
Please call me if you'd like anything else!
I will.
Maika!
Coming!
Would you like to order something else?
That uniform really suits you.
O-Oh, thank you!
Maika!
Yes?
This tea is good, isn't it?
Maika!
Yes?
Isn't this sugar jar cute?
Maika, Maika!
That's...
Onee-san!
Could you limit calling me over
to when you want to make an order?
There's the sadistic character!
Wrong!
Maika-san, I'd like to make an order!
Maika-san, over here, too!
Shut up with your oinking.
Is this a pig farm?
OINK           OINK
OINK          OINK
Maika is really popular
with the male customers.
They seem to enjoy talking to her.
I wonder if the manager worries about it.
Hello?
Hey, Manager...
Sakuranomiya's older sister wants
a word with you.
With me?
If she wants to talk
to the manager directly,
she's probably displeased
with something.
Um...
May I help you?
Manager...
Y-Y-Yes?
Maika is earnest, so have peace of mind.
Wh-What are we talking about?
What was it?
I don't really know,
but she encouraged me.
At any rate, Maika-san's older sister...
...has a pleasant demeanor, doesn't she?
The older sister doesn't have slanted eyes!
As I recall, her older brother has
gentle eyes, too.
Does Maika-san come from a complicated
family environment?
What?
No.
Me and my older sister are really legitimate sisters.
My older sister and brother look
more like our mother.
I resemble our father more.
Of course, right?
But...
Yes, if I really think about it,
my father doesn't have
severely slanted eyes like mine.
Could I be the only one?
Please take care of my baby.
Her name is Maika.
Is it possible that they took me in?
I was only kidding! I'm sorry!
That didn't happen!
It's okay!
You're definitely sisters!
Environment can have an effect
even on the body's development!
Your family would be sad
if they heard you talking just now, Maika-san!
You're right.
Thank you, Manager!
Not at all. Don't worry about it.
Are you the one who made Maika cry?
Onee-san! You have the wrong idea!
The manager was cheering me up!
Oh, really?
When I came to the register,
I saw you crying,
so I thought it had to be
because of the manager.
My apologies for jumping to conclusions.
Maika is a bit of a worrywart,
so I'd appreciate it if you continued
to protect her from here on out.
I-I will!
Well,
thank you.
You're definitely sisters.
Maika, why?
Why didn't you invite your older brother?
Oh...
You've really been making an effort
at baking sweets!
Yep!
Are you bringing something today, too?
Yes. The manager's been pleased so far, so...
See you later.
Oof!
Say, Manager...
Have you gotten rounder lately?
It seems you've become plump somehow.
Me?
Impossible.
Yikes.
You've gained weight.
I haven't gained weight!
I haven't gained any weight!
Sure you have.
Maika-san!
I haven't gained weight, have I?
Uh... Well...
You've changed a little from before.
But it's okay!
Heavier or not, you're still the manager.
That's a line you'd only hear
at the initial stage.
Face reality, fats.
You've gained weight and that's it, fats.
Please stop calling me "fats"!
My guess is you've been eating potato chips
while watching late-night anime.
I haven't!
I can't think of anything I've done
that'd make me gain weight.
Oh, that's right. Here, Manager.
I tried making pound cake today!
You?
Without realizing it, I messed
with the manager's normal body health!
Fats...
That's what happens when you consume
lots of sugar every day.
No more sweets for you for a while.
I meant to show my gratitude
but ended up giving you grief!
There's nothing wrong
with making sweets and giving it to him.
Mafuyu-san!
But...
DINO (26 YEARS OLD)
...for the amount he eats,
he needs to burn it off!
There really aren't any benefits
for getting up early!
I'LL TELL YOU
Smile!
Sweet!
Sister!
Sadistic!
Suprise!
Service!
We are Stile!
Nii-sama fansubs presents:
さあ扉を開けて
saa tobira wo akete
Now, open the door
未知なるパラダイス
michi naru paradaisu
Come here!
体験しよう　おいで　おいでよ
taikenshiyou oide oide yo!
Let's experience the unknown paradise.
君を待つのは不思議なオアシス
kimi wo matsu no wa fushigi na oashisu
Mysterious oasis with sipcy flavour
ほっこり日常に ちょっぴりスパイス
hokkori nichijou ni choppiri supaisu
is waiting for you everyday.
くるくる　かき混ぜちゃうんだ
kurukuru kakimazechaun da
Spinning, spinning. I'm stirring!
ぐるぐる　縦じまのフレイバー
guruguru tatejima no fureibaa
Round and round, vertical stripes of flavor.
サービス　サービス　ご褒美タイム
saabisu saabisu gohoubi taimu
Service, service! It's a reward time!
おもてなし　心込めて
omotenashi kokoro komete
We want to serve you from the bottom of our hearts.
Welcome to　わーい
Welcome to wai
Welcome to! Yay!
私たちと一緒に
watashitachi to issho ni
Please experience with us
めくるめくWonder Daydream
mekurumeku wonder day dream
the dazzling, wonder daydream.
愛情をマシマシ
aijou wo mashi mashi
Feel the increase of love affection
煩悩をなでまで
bannou wo nade made
with each headpat, until reaching your limit.
誠心誠意勤めます
seishinseii tsutomemasu
We'll put whole hearts into our work!
Yes　キミの元気チャージに
yes! kimi no genki chaaji ni
Yes! Can I play a part
一役買えるかな
hitoyaku kaeru kana
in recharging your life energy?
こういった感じも
kou itta kanji mo
This kinds of feelings
ああいった感じも
aa itta kanji mo
and that kinds of feelings
意外と悪くないでしょ
igai to warukunai deshou
aren't bad too, you know?
(ブオーノ　ブオーノ　ブレンドスタイル)
(bouno bouno burendo shitai)
(Buono, Buono, Blend Style)
キミに　きゅんきゅんきゅん
kimi ni kyun kyun kyun!
I will make you swoon, swoon, swoon!
ハートに パンチパンチパンチ
haato ni panchi panchi panchi!
With a punch, punch, punch to your heart.
(ブオーノ　ブオーノ　ブレンドスタイル)
(buono buono burendo sutairu)
(Buono, Buono, Blend Style)
お口に合いますか？
okuchi ni aimasuka?
Are you enjoying your meal?
お口に合うといいな！
okuchi ni au to ii na
Does it suit your tastes?